# Meeting-1:
## Held on: 10/09/2023
## Meeting held on:  Teams
Meeting lasted for about an hour. Below is the supporting snapshot.
 
![image](https://github.com/NavyaNelluri/BeyondBackgrounds/assets/123142678/d99452dc-ac20-4620-bb0d-b7c85ff711a8)

## Meeting Notes:
1.	Till date, we usually discussed on phone. Today we discussed and showed up everything what we did individually.
2.	We came to the inclusion in naming our branches with respective to the jira number.
3. We updated Jira status accordingly.
4. 	We faced overlapping poc with recruiter development. Since recruiter authentication and registration is done by two of us.
5.	 We felt a little challenging with this html development since its our first project with html.
6.	What done: login page of applicant and recruiter is developed
7.	What will be done: some storage either till html level should be developed. Authentication too
8.	Blocker: authentication at this level, hope we will be doing at the end of sprint
## Meeting Attendance:
All three of us participated and discussed.


